Welcome to my Kitchen!
I love pasta. This recipe is one of the version I love most. The butter sauteing, cheese, parsley and the cream of mushroom soup. It is heavy in protein and light because we used TUNA!

Ingredients

1 kilo of Spaghetti or Fetuccine pasta
2 cans tuna in oil (184 grams per can)
1 medium size can Nestle Cream
1/2 cup grated cheese
50 grams butter
2 medium size onion, chopped
1 small can button mushroom, sliced
1 can cream of mushroom soup (I preferred Campbell's condensed cream of mushroom soup)
//instead of buying evaporated milk, I add additional condensed cream of mushroom soup
few stalks of parsley, chopped finely
1 (370 ml) can evaporated milk
3/4 cup water
salt and pepper to taste
1 tsp salt
2 Tbsp. cooking oil


Procedures
1. In a deep pot put the 1 liter of water and bring to a boil.
2. Then add salt and cooking oil to prevent the pasta from sticking together.
3. Put the Spaghetti or Fettuccine and cook according to the instruction on the package.
4. Stir the pasta from time to time to avoid the pasta sticking on the bottom of the pot.
5. Check if the pasta is already cooked and tender, firm but not hard (al dente).
6. Then drain the water from the pasta and fill the pot with tap water to prevent the pasta from overcooking.
7. Drain the water again and pour the pasta in a colander or strainer to remove the excess water.
8. Let it drain for a few minutes then transfer to a Tupperware or any container that can hold the pasta. Set aside.
9. In a medium size saucepan, in a medium fire, melt the butter and saute onion and garlic until tender then add the sliced mushrooms.
10. Stir fry the mushrooms until the sides are seared and a little brown.
11. Then add the tuna and stir fry for 1 to 2 minutes and season with magic sarap, salt and pepper.
12. Add in the milk, water, cheese, cream of mushroom soup and nestle cream and stir and simmer until the sauce boils.
13. Continue stirring until the sauce becomes thick. Add the parsley and stir again for a few seconds. Turn off heat.
14. Pour the carbonara sauce on top of the Spaghetti or Fettuccine and garnish with parsley and pamesan cheese. Serve with love and smile.
